End of an era- The Hall of Nations in Pragati Maidan is brought down. Pic- Sandeep Saxena @the_hindu 

#JustIn #BREAKING  Twentieth-century iconic structure , Hall of Nations #PragatiMaidan #Delhi demolished late last 

The Hall of Nations and Hall of Industries at Pragati Maidan were demolished last night. 

 End of an era- The Hall of Nations in Pragati Maidan is brought down. Pic- Sandeep Saxena @the_hindu 

 ITPO demolished Hall of Nations and industries on Sunday night. Next to come under hammers is Nehru Pavilion at Pragati Maid


 Today the Hall of Nations (1971) in New Delhi was demolished. The demolition is a blot on our nation. 

#Delhis iconic landmark Hall of Nations demolished 

 The Hall of Nations by @Rajrewal an icon of post-colonial India reduced to rubble by a "philistine government" @Centre


 #JustIn #BREAKING  Twentieth-century iconic structure , Hall of Nations #PragatiMaidan #Delhi demolished late last night (@cheenak


 After demolition of Hall of Nations in Delhi, here's something worth reading from our archives. 

ITPO demolished Hall of Nations and industries on Sunday night. Next to come under hammers is Nehru Pavilion at Pra 

 THIS IS WHAT HONOURABLE AND UPRIGHT NATIONS DO WITH THEIR CORRUPT POLITICIANS. LET'S FOLLOW THEIR EXAMPLE AND MAKE A BATHR


scroll_in After demolition of Hall of Nations in Delhi, here's something worth reading from our archives. 

Farewell, Hall of Nations #PragatiMaidan. An iconic part of Delhi now lies razed to the ground.


 Despite Opposition, Hall of Nations at Pragati Maidan Demolished 

 Rest in Peace - The Hall of Nations. You will remain an icon of modern architecture in India. 

After demolition of Hall of Nations in Delhi, here's something worth reading from our archives. 

Delhis iconic landmark Hall of Nations demolished .. 

Today the Hall of Nations (1971) in New Delhi was demolished. The demolition is a blot on our nation. 

Delhis iconic landmark Hall of Nations demolished 

 "petition moved by INTACH couldnt be heard and has been listed for hearing on May 1" 

Pragati Maidan will never be the same! Hall of Nations demolished  #HeritageIndia #PragatiMaidan 

Global call against razing Hall of Nations #HallofNations #PragatiMaidan 

Heritage getting demolished everywhere on the name of development! / 

Hindu. Delhis iconic landmark Hall of Nations demolished 

 World's first pillar less concrete space frame structure Hall of Nations at Pragati Maidan demolished for IECC project of IT


Here's what remains of the Hall of Nations in Pragati Maidan. Photo courtesy @the_hindu 

 Hall of Nations in Delhi razed after a declined stay order on Fri and before the decision could be appealed today https


"petition moved by INTACH couldnt be heard and has been listed for hearing on May 1" 

 End of an era Hall of nations demolished @TOIDelhi 

 The iconic Hall of Nations demolished, reports @Jaideepdeobhanj 

End of an era Hall of nations demolished @TOIDelhi 

Delhi's iconic landmark Hall of Nations demolished  

Despite opposition, Hall of Nations at Pragati Maidan demolished 

The iconic Hall of Nations demolished, reports @Jaideepdeobhanj 

