What will the Indian Smart City of the future look like? Deliberate at CII Annual Session #CIIAGM2017 on 28-29 Apri 
Discuss new competitiveness drivers to leverage the new manufacturing paradigm with @rabhishek1982 Secy @DIPPGOI at 

How can enterprises adapt to - and indeed, drive -  global change in alignment with Indias developmental needs? Fi 

What are the forces behind the new globalisation and what's India's role in this evolving world? Learn from Mr. 

How will future policies leverage the aspirations of its citizens to give wings to growth? Find out at #CIIAGM2017 

Is India ready to take the lead in shaping the future of globalization? Learn from @NITIAayog Vice Chairman, Dr. 

 How can India shape d future of globalization by strategizing its own development agenda?Join #CIIAGM2017 to discuss https/

#CIIAGM2017 will bring together leading thinkers deliberating on the idea of the Indian nation 

What policies is Government considering under its Clean Energy mission? Learn from Hon' Minister of Power 

Discover how sustainable is Indias energy direction & govt's policies for universal power connections & Clean Ener 

Hon' Min @MOFPI_GOI @HarsimratBadal_ will deliberate on "Can India's Food Revolution Define the Next Phase of Globa 

What are the forces of new globalization & the emerging role of India in an evolving world? Find out at CII Annual 

#CIIAGM2017 promises to be super exciting. Trust @FollowCII to put together the best speakers... 

Learn how leading media personality @DrChandanMitra sees Indias capacity to re-engineer the forces of globalizatio 

How is the Indian Railways, lifeline of the nation, being revitalized to serve India's growth leadership? Find out 

Is India's entrepreneurship ecosystem replicable for emerging markets & can India expand its global entrepreneurshi 

Commerce Secretary, Ms Rita Teaotia will share her thoughts on services in India following the immensely successful 

Join us, as #CIIAGM2017 outlines the roadmap to achieve the objective of becoming a global food processing hub 

 #CIIAGM2017 will deliberate on Future of GlobalisationCan India Lead? Focus will be on diverse dimensions of Indias deve

