Jammu and Kashmir PDP District president Pulwama Abdul Gani Dar attacked by terrorists, admitted to hospital. (Vis 
Strongly condemned the coward attack on PDP leader Abdul Gani Dar at Pulwama in Kashmir. May God give strength to the bereaved family.

 PDP district president Pulwama Abdul Gani Dar shot dead by unknown gunmen in his native town. #Kashmir

 UPDATE PPD leader Abdul Gani Dar dead; was attacked by militants earlier in the day in Pinglena area of Pulwama (PTI)

 NC strongly condemns the killing of @jkpdp District President Pulwama Abdul Gani Dar. We offer our condolences to the bereaved f

 #UPDATE PDP Pulwama district President Abdul Gani Dar attacked by terrorists today, has succumbed to his injuries.

Visit 

Farooq abdullah and his son @abdullah_omar are supporting separatist and getting the political competition in PDP murdered  Abdul Gani Dar

 Abdul Gani Dar tasted Islamic Hihad in Kashmir. First Muslims killed Hindus in Kashmir valley now they kill each other to

 PDP Pulwama district president Abdul Gani Dar brought dead to SMHS hospital in Srinagar after militants opened fire on h

 Abdul Gani Dar"it's a lesson to Mehbooba that keeping soft corner for terrorists u can't keep urself safe for long. They

 PDP leader Abdul Gani Dar shot dead in Pulwama. BJP is ruling Kashmir with PDP. Hence proved that Jungle Raj is in Bihar.

 Mehbooba Mufti holds talks with PM Modi, terrorists kill PDP Pulwama president Abdul Gani Dar in Kashmir 

Chhota Rajan #Dzire Abdul Gani Dar #PanchayatiRajDay Wish And Meet Sachin #LGG6 Armenia PEACEFUL BURHAN WANIS BEING 

Such time pass fame huger tours and oratory but not acting against terror and crime is sheer shame on such leader. 

 "Chhota Rajan", 3 Retired Govt Officials Convicted in Fake Passport Case 

"Abdul Gani Dar"Heights of cowardliness and shamelessness of our PM, for what he's waiting to give 'shoot at sight' 

 #abdul Gani Dar is trending top india,I bet 99.98 % never heard his name before today...bhakths have made him Mai Baap

Abdul Gani Dar ...shot dead ...by terrorists or misguided youth or one among stone pelters ...!!!

For killing of Abdul Gani Dar please don't blame the militants who killed.The real enemy is within India.Those who support the militants.

 PDP district president Abdul Gani Dar, third political activists, to have been killed by militants in last 10 days in sout

Thats a good news guys  #AbdulGaniDar shot by #terrorists(!!!???)  Pray him dead...  

 Those who pelt stones fr rs 500 will Pelt their mothers fr 600 & ther wives for rs 700. Fr stone pelters only money matter

Militants Shot Dead #PDP Leader Abdul Gani Dar In Kashmir 

 After killing of Abdul Gani Dar. It's clear Stone Pelters not only have support from China, Pakistan & ISI but from ene

Wake up call for #MehboobaMufti So called Jihadi & Stone Pelters who help them escape are all Terrorist  PDP leader 

 Congress leader Abdul Gani Dar and social activist Manzoor Ahmad join PDP before elections 

#PeoplesDemocraticParty Militants today shot dead the PDP district president for Pulwama, Abdul Gani Dar, in the... 

