Major law and order situation in Agra following clash between policemen and Yuva Vahini members. DySP being treated in hospital


Saffron goons with BJP MLA attack Agra police station to free 5 of their arrested friends. Wah Kya law &amp; order hai… 

Bajrang Dal activists attack police station in Agra in order to get 5 'colleagues' released 

 Local BJP's Fatehpur Sikri MLA Udaybhan Singh too was among the protesters, say police.  #AnarchyInUP 

 Bajrang Dal goons attacked police station in Agra, thrashed police officer and burnt police vehicle #AnarchyInUP https…


Bajarang Dal Member Beaten Up Police In Agra Police Station and Ablaze A Bike @myogiadityanath 's Law&amp;Order?  

 #ExpressFrontPage | Bajrang Dal men attack Agra police station to rescue 5, S-I injured 

 Saffron goons with BJP MLA attack Agra police station to free 5 of their arrested friends. Wah Kya law &amp; order hai Yogi Raj…


 Retweet if you see one of your favorite cartoons 😊👏🏼🙌🏻 

 Agra Bajrang Dal workers clash with police after 5 of their workers were arrested, 1 policeman injured, his vehicle set abl…


 Saffron terror...  Bajrang Dal men attack Agra police station to rescue 5, S-I injured 

 Bajrang Dal activists attacked police station in Agra in order to get 5 'colleagues' released 

 Couple this with the jailbreak at Agra and posters advising Kashmiris to leave. Heading for #AnarchyInUP truly. 

 Bajrang Dal activists attack police station in Agra in order to get 5 'colleagues' released 

Agra Bajrang Dal activists attack police station to rescue 5 from detention - India Today 

Looks like Hindutva terrorists have attacked police in Agra. After UP elections the Hindutva terrorist attacks are becoming frequent


 Sheroes Cafe in Agra – A place for acid attack survivors instead of victims 

Sheroes Cafe in Agra – A place for acid attack survivors instead of victims 

prio 1 186332 189421 189592 189423 179081 brand industrie/agra 

 Major law and order situation in Agra following clash between policemen and Yuva Vahini members. DySP being treated in…


Agra Policeman Attacked, His Car Burnt Down, By Alleged Bajrang Dal Workers 

 RT IndiaToday Bajrang Dal activists attack police station in Agra in order to get 5 'colleagues' released 

"Agra Bajrang Dal activists attack police station to rescue 5 from detention - India Today" 

 Did we hear any thing 4m D New DGP UP @sanjayuvacha ? Or should this Police officer apologise 2 D Vahini leadership? ht…


