In massive data breach, over a million #Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

My column in @IndianExpress today. Jharkhand government department website reveals Aadhaar- linked personal records of lakhs


The lowest total in T20 history is 30 in 11.1 overs by Tripura vs Jharkhand at Dhanbad in 2009 #MIvDD


Aadhaar data leak in Jharkhand raises doubts, again Here are the details 

 My column in @IndianExpress today. Jharkhand government department website reveals Aadhaar- linked personal records of…


Retweeted MAK360 CowBoy (@MAkhan360)  In massive data breach, details of over a million Aadhaar numbers... 

 In massive data breach, details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website #DigitalIndia  https…


 In massive data breach, details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

 Jharkhand CM turns ‘delivery boy’ for Food Post scheme via @htTweets 

 In a shocking breach, Aadhaar details of a million pensioners leaked in Jharkhand 

 #Aadhaar data leak in #jharkhand raises doubts, again Here are the details 

 In massive data breach, over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

 In massive data breach, over a million #Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

 Jharkhand Over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

#ExpressExclusive #Jharkhand #aadhaar #bankdetails of lakhs uploaded on #Stategovt #website  

 In massive privacy breach, Aadhaar details of 10 lakh pensioners leaked by Jharkhand govt website 

 Details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website via @htTweets 

Details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website via @htTweets 

 Well that didn't take long... Details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

 In massive data breach, details of over a million #Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

Well that didn't take long... Details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

Aadhaar data leak in Jharkhand raises doubts, again Here are the details Data were easily traceable till Saturday… 

 States like N.E,Kashmir,Terrorism infested area in Jharkhand etc there is no or micro %age of  turn over.Election law…


 When security is not a practice, but, only checklist... 

 Filing FIR against @SkochSameer easy even if he was wrong on Aadhaar hacking but who will b arrested in Jharkhand case @U…


 SHOCKING  Jharkhand Government publishes Aadhaar online and reveals deetails of thousands of citizens 

Jharkhand Over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

Brought a smile so rare these days ) A friend from Jharkhand found this at an exhibition of old books there 

 'HT reporters could drill down to get transaction-level data on pension paid into scores of pension accounts.' 

In massive privacy breach, Aadhaar details of 10 lakh pensioners leaked by Jharkhand govt website 

When security is not a practice, but, only checklist... 

In A Shocking Breach, Aadhaar Details Of A Million Pensioners Leaked In Jharkhand 

 Aadhaar is very "safe" if you ignore the regular million-entity data breach. 

#Aadhaar details of 10 lakh leaked by Jharkhand govt website 

In massive data breach, details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website 

 It's same as every Indian keeps #Aadhaar details as their DP and Profile Pic. @UIDAI #DestroyTheAadhaar @htTweets 

 In massive #databreach details of over a million #Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website #privacy 

Aadhaar details of 10 lakh leaked by Jharkhand govt website 

 In massive data breach, details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website via @htTweets 

